Update getting-started.asciidoc (#31542)
elastic/beats: filebeat/docs/getting-started.asciidoc

* <<load-ingest-pipelines>>
=====

> NOTE: Filebeat should not be used to ingest its own log as it may lead to indefinite loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Filebeat should not be used to ingest its own log as this may lead to an infinite loop.
```
